>>DAVID WILCOCK:
Welcome to "Disclosure."
I'm your host, David
Wilcock, and in this episode,
we're going to finalize our
groundbreaking discussion
with Dean Garner, a man who
has a history as a black ops
soldier and mercenary
working in special ops
programs for the Army Rangers
and then taking that expertise
and extending it into being the
secret ghost writer and idea
maker for many top
bestselling authors,
giving them the
information they need
to be able to accurately
write about spy
trade in their publications.
Now, in this final
episode, what we're doing
is going through 20th century
history of the cabal, which
Dean is definitely
an expert about
and has specifically spent
most of his time studying
the Jesuits.
We're going to talk about
things like the Titanic
and what really
was going on there.
Apparently this was
not an accident.
It was a planned
attack to defeat
people who were trying
to stop the Federal
Reserve from being implemented.
We also talk about the
very real likelihood
that this group is not
going to be able to succeed
because people are waking up.
There is a strange
occult magic that they
seem to be following
where they have
to tell us what
they're doing, and we
have to give our power to them.
We have to allow
ourselves to be enslaved
but with that comes a choice.
We can choose to live
and to think differently,
and we can choose a
more loving path, which
in turn, holographically alters
the nature of space and time
itself.
We can harness the
power of consciousness
so that we no longer need
there to be this epic villain
in our planetary script.
So we can start
doing that now as you
watch this last part of the
Dean Garner interview with me.
Let's check it out
and educate ourselves.
It's not that hard to
understand what's going on.
It's a fear wall
that prevents you
from looking at something
really quite simple, which
is we have organized crime in
the form of a religious cult,
but the religion is
not Christianity.
It's a different religion.
It's based on them having
a group identity, of being
from somewhere
else, coming here,
and they organized a
society that systematically
used ruthlessness and
sociopathic deception to stop
at nothing to seize power.
One little tidbit
of history that I
know is not your specialty
that other researchers have
discussed is that
during the crusades.
the Templars, which were the
military arm of the Vatican,
came in contact
with the assassins,
which was the middle eastern
Islamic secret society,
and that's where they
learned how to do things
like leaving a dagger in the
king's bedroom to threaten him.
And then he finds out
I'm not safe anywhere.
I better do exactly
what they say.
So when that technology
was brought in,
including the use of hasheesh
and drugging-- hasheeshian
is the derivation of
the word assassin.
So we have that technology
that was brought
in during the Templar
period, and it
may be that if the Templars
reunited with the Vatican
through renaming themselves
as the Society of Jesus
because they didn't want the
association with the name
Templar anymore-- now they've
got all this assassination
technology, and I've heard from
military insiders that still
to this day when you get
special ops training,
and they teach you
how to kill people
and what to do with
a knife and going up
under the chin like
this into the brain,
that's all stuff that they
learned from the assassins.
Have you heard that, too?
>>WILLIAM DEAN GARNER:
Yes, anecdotally.
>>DAVID: Of course.
>>GARNER: Which
you very aptly said
was not my area of expertise.
I wish I could talk
about everything,
but I chose, as a
scientist, to be smart,
to be a thinker here
and try to focus
on one item, which is just
the behavioral ecology
of the Jesuits.
And in doing so, I still
don't have enough hours
in a day, David, to study
what I want to study.
>>DAVID: Undoubtedly.
>>GARNER: I'm overwhelmed.
>>DAVID: Well, I don't choose
to see it as overwhelming.
I choose to see it
as a great quest,
and it's an enjoyable
quest because what are we
really looking at?
We're looking at the possibility
of getting our planet back
from people who have been
deliberately creating
crisis and conflict for
their own gain and profit.
Most of the wars
that are happening
are deliberately created.
These people are
looking for where
we disagree, gender versus
gender, race versus race,
country versus country,
religion versus religion, region
versus region,
continent vs continent.
They're trying to find-- how
do we exploit the difference
between town and country.
People in the city are Liberals.
People in the country are
Republicans and Conservatives.
Let's throw them together.
They want the Republican
people to think
that the only people that are
on public assistance, welfare,
are blacks, and
therefore they're
the problem because they're
taking all our money,
but all they're doing
is giving these people
a very, very small
amount of money,
which is not enough to live on.
>>GARNER: It just
keeps them in check.
>>DAVID: The money that they're
pulling out of our economy
is much greater than what
they're diverting to welfare.
>>GARNER: Oh, of course.
They're just pennies to
welfare, but no one knows that.
Big media and big
entertainment ensure
that we do not know that.
>>DAVID: It's incredible to
see the amount to which Fox
News and these kind
of Republican outlets
are promulgating the idea
that the real problem is
these people that are taking
your hard earned money.
You're working hard.
You're paying your taxes.
You're a law abiding citizen,
and these sons of guns
are just siphoning
all your wealth,
and they're the problem,
and that's the game.
Turn us against each other,
create fake problems,
create wars.
>>GARNER: Not to
mention the two class
system-- the so-called
wealthy on one end
and the poor on the other.
>>DAVID: That's right.
>>GARNER: We're seeing the last
vestiges of the middle class.
>>DAVID: It's incredible to
watch the greatest depression
ever in America
happening, and it's
sort of like the idea, if
a tree falls in the forest
and no one's there to hear
it, did it make any sound?
Well yes, technically the
air vibrated, because that's
what's going to happen,
but it's like, if there's
a great depression and
nobody calls it that,
is it a depression?
>>GARNER: Exactly.
>>DAVID: It still is,
and we're actually
seeing all the numbers,
all the statistics
are worse than the
Great Depression.
We're not calling it
a Great Depression.
>>GARNER: No way.
It's the little recession.
The first volume of my
book, "Who Really Owns
Your Gold," I
called the intended
global meltdown of 2012, 2014,
and of course people said,
what?
Are you kidding?
You have no idea what
you're talking about
because you can't
see it around you.
It's because of that
demoralization, the numbing
of the public, that
first step with big media
and big entertainment
that, again, are numbing
the population such that you
have no idea that the greatest
depression in the
history of our country
is occurring all around
you all the time,
and you could actually go out
and just look at the results.
You go, say, downtown Tampa
or St. Petersburg or Miami
or Atlanta, and you can just
count the number of homeless
out there.
You look at the number
of homeless shelters
that are out there.
>>DAVID: You've got
Amazon, which is completely
destroying all retail sales, and
they don't even make a profit.
So it's just everything's
being stripped away.
Now, if we can just
ditch the fear,
because I think people willfully
overlook the truth thinking
that, if I look at
it, then it's real,
but if I don't look at
it, then it's not real.
I want to stay asleep, and
they use that, don't they?
>>GARNER: Yes.
>>DAVID: That's a part
of the normalization.
You don't want to go back to
those previous cycles of crisis
and trauma.
You want to just be peaceful.
Oh, we shouldn't
question our leaders.
We shouldn't question authority.
>>GARNER: Well, you
have to keep in mind
too that those
four steps are not
necessarily in linear order.
In general, they are.
However, step one,
demoralization of the public,
occurs all the time.
It is a continuous process.
So it's not like you get
a booster shot every now
and then.
>>DAVID: Right, absolutely.
>>GARNER: It's just ongoing.
Now the false flag attacks,
you don't see those every day.
>>DAVID: Well, they've ramped
that up quite significantly
in the last few years.
>>GARNER: Well, again
we see that acceleration
of events since 9/11.
>>DAVID: Very much so.
I remember actually seeing
before 9/11 seemingly desperate
efforts to try to cause
fear that were not working.
They tried to make us
afraid that the internet was
going to be taken
down by a virus
and that we can't use
the internet because it's
going to ruin everything.
>>GARNER: Y2K.
Stuff like that.
>>DAVID: And we saw
all these attempts
to try to get
terrorism for people
to be afraid of-- the
bombing of the USS
whatever it was off
the coast of Yemen.
There was that terrorist attack.
That didn't get people scared.
Then along comes 9/11.
>>GARNER: If one thing
doesn't work-- the Jesuits
are masters at this,
and you'll have
about 1,000 different
conspiracies going
on in every country
at any given moment.
So if something
doesn't work, then
they just immediately change
gears and try something
different because they
have, as we've talked about,
the 5, 10, 25, 50,
and 100 year plans.
So people even in the
generation before them--
the ones who were carrying out
these attacks or these events
right now, the actions
and behaviors--
it may have been
written by their father
or another bloodline member,
25 or 50 years before.
So they have this playbook
that continually evolves,
if not continuously evolves
when things don't work.
>>DAVID: So there's some guy
with his arms crossed right now
watching his screen
saying, you guys
are trying to make the grand
unified conspiracy theory.
The Vatican had nothing to
do with the Federal Reserve.
So what would you
say to that guy?
Let's talk about
the Federal Reserve.
The Fed Reserve--
we can trace now
through James Glattfelder,
the Swiss scientist,
that 80% of all the money that
is to be earned in the world
is going into an interlocking
directorate of a core of 147
corporations, 2/3 of which are
financial institutions, the top
50 of which are all the usual
suspects of the big mega banks.
So we know that.
We know that the
banks are in control,
and we know that those banks
are the banks that are actually
secretly the Federal
Reserve banks, because--
>>GARNER: In America, yes.
>>DAVID: So we know that the
Fed Reserve is behind this,
but how do we establish
the linkage to the Vatican.
>>GARNER: Well, first
the Federal Reserve Act
of, I think, 1912.
>>DAVID: Well, 1913 was when
they actually passed it.
>>GARNER: Then 1913, yeah, but
it had actually been started--
>>DAVID: They were running
it through in 1912, yeah.
>>GARNER: Yes,
exactly, and of course
Paul Warburg, a
German immigrant,
came from a long lineage
of Teutonic history,
was one of the
architects of that.
And so that had been going
on for about 25 years, even
longer, because of
course remember Alexander
Hamilton under the
direction of-- by direction
of certain Jesuits who
were handling him--
they instituted the first
central bank in America.
>>DAVID: That's right.
>>GARNER: So this
has probably gone on
to establish that
Federal Reserve
bank even 100 years before.
>>DAVID: Well, and I'm sure
you know that Lincoln ended up
printing American currency
in America that were called
"greenbacks" to try to break
the bank because the bank wanted
to take 24% to 36%
tax on our money.
>>GARNER: Yeah, exactly.
>>DAVID: And Lincoln threw them
away, and then he gets whacked.
And as soon as he gets whacked--
>>GARNER: By a Jesuit.
>>DAVID: OK.
As soon as he gets whacked,
the greenbacks are gone,
and you've got
central bank currency
coming over from overseas.
>>GARNER: It's a good example
of one of their products
that didn't work, so
they took it offline.
They tried something different.
>>DAVID: That's right.
>>GARNER: They finally
normalized things
in the 1912, 1913 time
period with the institution
of the Federal Reserve
bank, the private bank.
>>DAVID: After a series of
deliberately manufactured
economic crises--
>>GARNER: Absolutely.
>>DAVID: --which they
blamed on America
doesn't know how to take
care of its own problems.
We need investors to come in
and basically bail out America,
and they're going to
be smarter and better
at running it than ourselves
because the government is
a bunch of dipwads.
They don't know
what they're doing.
The elected leaders don't
know what they're doing.
Let's let the
people who know how
to make money invest in America
just like what they tried
to do with, oh, privatize
your social security
and put it on the stock market.
It's the same thing.
They said let's privatize
the American economy,
and then these bankers
will know better than us
how to make a profit.
Let's outsource American
currency to them.
It sounds crazy now
because look at what's
happened in the last 100
years, but people bought it.
>>GARNER: Well, absolutely.
Again, it's because that
magnificent, that brilliant
genius advertising marketing
PR machine of the Jesuits.
They do it better
than anyone else.
Just the examples today.
Look at Hollywood,
how slick it is.
>>DAVID: It's incredible.
>>GARNER: The production
value of every show, the TV
shows, the reality
TV shows, even
these little basic
documentaries--
these guys have it down.
It's not just a science.
It's an art, and it ropes people
in because they understand
the psychology, the
neurophysiology behavior
of human beings.
They know how to manipulate us,
and there's that normalization
thing, again.
>>DAVID: They
flash these symbols
that go all the way back
to the Roman Empire.
Just as one example off the top
of my head, the Lemony Snicket
movie.
One of the ones that
Jim Carey is in.
The whole entire
movie they're showing
you the eye all the time.
It's unbelievable.
They have tons of
examples like this.
>>GARNER: Oh yes.
So you see symbolism
all over the place.
I used to think that it was
they were just rubbing it
in our faces until a
wise man said, well,
you know it's actually
part of the plan.
It's part of laws that
they have to adhere to.
They sort of let us know it's
the fine print that we always
ignore.
>>DAVID: They gotta give notice.
>>GARNER: They give
notice, exactly.
They give notice.
>>DAVID: And they
also use terror.
So we were going
to talk about there
were people who were opposing
the Federal Reserve obviously,
right?
>>GARNER: Oh these very,
very wealthy people
like the John Jacob
Astors of America.
They were they were brilliant.
There is that advertising
marketing PR machine again
that roped a bunch of
these guys and said
let's take a little cruise.
What do you say?
Let's take a little cruise,
and that little cruise was--
>>DAVID: The Titanic.
>>GARNER: --the Titanic,
which wasn't really
the Titanic anyway, but
that's another conversation.
>>DAVID: So there's a book
that was written years before
the Titanic disaster about a
ship called the Titan that was
the crown jewel, the
biggest luxury ship--
>>GARNER: There's
the fine print.
>>DAVID: --and then it
goes on its maiden voyage,
and it crashes, and it sinks.
So they have to tell you
what they're going to do.
They have to put it in writing.
>>GARNER: Or visual aids.
>>DAVID: They use one of their
patsies to write the story.
The whole thing is out there,
and then they do it anyway.
>>GARNER: Exactly.
>>DAVID: Because there's
some sort of magical ceremony
thing-- there's a magic that
they get that they acquire
power, but only because
there's actually ultimately
a benevolent universe, where
they cannot gain the power they
need unless we consent to it.
They need consent.
>>GARNER: But you know
that consent is in quotes,
and it's not logical consent.
It is not psychological.
It is not a positive
behavioral consent.
It's not a conscious consent.
It's not even
subconscious consent.
It's based on ignorance.
>>DAVID: Well, I would imagine
that the pure magic does
require consent, and they
have heard this magic,
and they're trying to
follow it, but now it's
ridiculous because they're
not telling us everything.
>>GARNER: No, again
it's the fine print
that we're just not seeing.
It's yet to be
discovered, I would say.
>>DAVID: But if you look
at the movie "John Carter,"
this was an incredible film
that had a huge, huge budget--
enormous, enormous
budget-- but it
got too close to what's
really going on in my view.
It's about this guy
who goes to Mars,
and there are these archons,
the negative aliens--
>>GARNER: Yes, aliens.
>>DAVID: --that are manipulating
both sides of a war,
and they buried this film.
So it's like that film is an
example where they tell us
what's going on-- that there's
these spiritual beings that
require the energy of fear and
terror and death to feed on,
and that they're
financing both sides,
but then they buried that
film so they don't really
want you to know.
So I think what's
happening is they're
trying to go through the
motions because they know that,
if they do this
right, that they're
allowed-- that the power
has to be given to them.
They can't just take it,
but they're not really
following it correctly,
and therefore they're
just losing and losing now.
They're becoming
exposed to such a degree
that everybody knows about this.
>>GARNER: Yes, well
again, because the advent
of the internet,-- such that
people could get wind of these
things-- and now we have a bunch
of amateur historians out there
and these little sleuths who
are discovering them and putting
the information out there.
Unfortunately, it's buried
under millions and millions
of big data.
So how can we possibly
learn about these
from people-- good little
amateur researchers,
with all due respect to them.
I don't mean to say
little to belittle them,
but folks who can-- again,
someone is always watching.
And so those folks
who are watching now
can actually write it down in
a blog or take a video of it,
upload it to Vimeo or YouTube
for other people to get.
Unfortunately we
don't usually see it
because it's just buried
under too much information.
>>DAVID: I would say there's
a non-linear effect going on
though, in which there's
so much of this information
out there that everybody is
coming in contact with it
in different ways and at
different levels of quality.
>>GARNER: No, good point.
>>DAVID: And when you start
going through dumpster diving,
eventually you look
for better food
than you're going to
get in the dumpster,
and you keep going
back to where the best
quality is going to be.
So let's talk a little bit
more about this Titanic thing.
Some people are going to
laugh and say, oh, these guys
are so crazy.
They got their tinfoil hats on.
What do we know
about the Titanic?
Who was on the Titanic?
>>GARNER: Well, as I said, the
John Jacob Astors of the world.
There were probably
about a dozen
different multi-millionaires.
>>DAVID: So some very wealthy
people were on the Titanic.
>>GARNER: Yes, and they
were all invited, probably
in the most wonderful of ways.
They got these probably
elaborate salesmanship speeches
from various Jesuits, who
just convinced them obviously
without a problem.
Just come along on
this little cruise.
>>DAVID: Pump up your ego.
Make them feel great.
You're so important.
This is the big thing.
We want you to be here
for this big event.
>>GARNER: Yeah, it's
the first of its kind.
>>DAVID: And they just
get everybody together
who opposed the Federal
Reserve and said
we don't want this to go.
>>GARNER: Yes, well, the
most important people.
Yes, the actual
influencers of the day.
>>DAVID: And wasn't it JP Morgan
who right at the last minute
didn't get on the Titanic?
>>GARNER: Yes, and
among other folks,
because you had to
make a convincing
scene, or a set of scenes,
that would be believable enough
by Astor and his
colleagues so he
could see that even
people who opposed him
and his views were
actually going too.
>>DAVID: You don't want
to tip them off that--
>>GARNER: No, not at all.
>>DAVID: --oh,
well wait a minute.
The other guys aren't here.
It's just us.
So right up until the last
minute before it set sail
they thought that the people
who they were arguing with
were going to be
on there, as well.
>>GARNER: Yes.
>>DAVID: And then
they're not on there.
>>GARNER: Exactly.
>>DAVID: Well this is
huge because if you
think about fear, so much
of it is about the story.
If I'm standing here
and all of a sudden
there's this sword that
goes through my chest, which
is probably not going
to happen at Gaiam,
I don't have time to be afraid.
I'm just dying all of a
sudden, but if you and I are
in this room, and
we're taping the show,
and the lights go dead,
and then all of a sudden
we start hearing
noises, and we hear
breathing, and what's that?
It's the ballet dance.
Fear is all about
the anticipation
that something bad
is going to happen.
So what happens after the
opponents to the Federal
Reserve are aced in the Titanic?
>>GARNER: Well, then we
get to the Income Tax Act
and the Federal Reserve Act.
>>DAVID: But I'm
just also saying
the ballet of anybody
else that would oppose.
It makes these people
look like god, like they
have the power of gods.
>>GARNER: Well that
supposes already
that people knew what was up.
>>DAVID: At the
higher levels, I'm
sure they did because
President Woodrow Wilson said
there is somewhere a power
so secretive, so devastating
that we dare not
speak above a breath
when we speak in
condemnation of it.
>>GARNER: Exactly,
so what I'm saying
is the American
people in general
had no idea what's going on.
>>DAVID: Oh, of course not.
>>GARNER: But the influencers
were sent a message.
>>DAVID: Oh yeah.
Very powerful message.
We're willing to
stop at nothing.
We're totally ruthless.
Your life means nothing to us.
If you don't do exactly what we
say, we're going to kill you,
and you're never going
to see it coming.
And sure enough they railroad
this through Congress
when hardly anybody is there.
Everybody's gone.
There's hardly anybody around.
>>GARNER: Not properly ratified.
>>DAVID: All the opposition gets
removed in the Titanic-- well,
a lot of the
opposition got removed
from the financial
sector in the Titanic,
and now we've got 96%
to 98% degradation
of the value of the dollar
since the time that started.
So look at the obvious evidence.
All we've got to
do now is link it
to a cult that's been
going on for a long time.
They wanted a new world
order, and as I've
said in my financial
tyranny investigation,
they paid for both sides of
World War I and World War II.
>>GARNER: Exactly.
>>DAVID: Because what their goal
is is to get a new world order,
do the same thing they did
in Europe in the 1600s,
get everybody
fighting each other.
They control the whole thing,
and whoever comes out on top
is the winner.
>>GARNER: Again, that's
that four step process.
They do it everywhere they go.
That's why, in studying
the behavioral ecology
of the Jesuits, if you
study, say, five years back,
you see a few interesting
events here in America.
You go 10, 25, 50,
or even 100 years,
then you start seeing
some fascinating patterns
of behavior.
Go back 200 years, then
you say, oh my gosh,
the patterns are
absolutely unmistakable.
Now when you go to France or
Switzerland or China or Japan,
you see the very same
patterns of behaviors
that are occurring, not
necessarily at the same time
in which they
occurred in America,
but the same patterns
still exists nonetheless.
And so you have to ask-- and
then you go back even further,
and you start seeing anecdotally
these common threads,
and those threads always
lead to the Society of Jesus,
at least back until 1540 or so.
>>DAVID: Which is just
basically another name for what
people-- and you
would say erroneously
are calling the Illuminati.
>>GARNER: I wouldn't even
talk about the Illuminati.
I don't, respectfully.
>>DAVID: So we're
calling it the Jesuits?
>>GARNER: Yes.
>>DAVID: So if we take this
premise that 20th century
history has been
manipulated by these people,
then one logical
outcropping of that
would be that Hitler is just
a more visible way of looking
at the way they really all
are, the way they really
think and feel.
That's probably the most visible
it got as a public display.
>>GARNER: Respectfully, I'd
say no because he was actually
out of control, and
the Jesuits themselves,
the ones behind
the black curtain,
are much more in control.
Now, you might call them
sociopaths or psychopaths,
but I would say,
would you actually
call a lion out there on
the savanna a sociopath
because it just tears apart
an animal without any regard
for the animal's life?
No, it's just sort of doing what
the pattern of DNA prescribes?
And it just, it's
a universal fact
that we tend to anthropomorphize
using terms like sociopath
and psychopath with respect to
the Jesuits, or any assassins,
or people with these
malevolent behaviors,
but the fact is they're
doing what they're coded for
or what the behavior
from the playbook
prescribes for them
in that moment.
>>DAVID: Sure if
you've been ritually
traumatized your whole life, and
your frontal lobe's shut down,
you don't have feelings
and compassion anymore,
you start to-- by
creating a group identity
that people latch on
to, they basically
see that everybody else is bad.
Everybody else is evil,
and we're the good ones,
and we're saving humanity.
>>GARNER: Sure, well that's
why they have the missions,
and that's why they
establish the colleges
and the universities.
That's why they have all
these philanthropic events--
to show their quote,
"good," end quote, side.
Yeah, and it works.
>>DAVID: So they do believe
that they are the good guys,
and that's how they're able
to keep their group in check
and keep them
doing what they do.
Well, I'm excited to be
getting the truth out in a way
like this because this is part
of helping people understand
the truth in a safe manner.
I think it's very frightening,
especially for somebody who's
new to this to understand
that there is an organized
cult that's using black
magic and has basically,
to a large degree, succeeded in
most of what they wanted to do.
>>GARNER: They're brilliant.
>>DAVID: They've got control
of the financial system.
They've got to
control of the media.
Hollywood movies
are increasingly
becoming propaganda.
The music industry is
putting out propaganda,
and yet as terrifying as it
looks and as close to the edge
as it looks, people
are waking up
in staggeringly high numbers.
The truth is just
exploding, and what
we're seeing now is,
I believe, the dawning
of a totally new
renaissance, a new space
age as this
classified technology
that I'm going to be talking
about in other episodes
becomes declassified.
The cabal is like the dragon
that's guarding the gold,
and in the archetypes,
the dragon guards the gold
and it also guards the
virgin and that represents
the virginal awareness.
So I do believe
that, in my view,
we're seeing a metaphysical
puppet show of good and bad,
but ultimately it
is the creator.
It is god, and it's
for our evolution.
The bad guy is allowed to exist.
He's allowed to be the greatest
villain in human history,
because if you want to
write a great story,
you've got to have
a great villain.
And we've got the
best villain ever.
What we're talking
about right now
is the ultimate super villain,
the scariest, craziest,
weirdest villain
you could imagine.
>>GARNER: Human villain.
>>DAVID: A human villain with
metaphysical connections.
A cult-- Lucifer, Satan,
this kind of stuff
is also involved in it.
>>GARNER: Absolutely.
>>DAVID: But the positive
side is there too,
which is there are benevolent
forces in the universe,
and we've been
told that this was
going to happen in many ancient
cultural prophecies, not just
the bible.
And it is going to work out.
These people are not
being allowed to succeed.
There is a government
of celestial beings,
in my view, that's
preventing them
from fully ever succeeding.
>>GARNER: Well,
that's a good point,
and let me get back to the
celestial-physical argument
because the universe itself
is not a system of entropy
like we're taught here in
the sandbox physics, earth
based science.
It's a system of organization,
and all you got to do
is look around-- an organization
of planets, specks of sand that
get together and silica and
gold and silver and titanium.
They get together
and form a planet.
That's not chaos.
That's not entropy.
That's organization,
and then you
have this system of
organization of living things.
Life finds a way.
It doesn't do that
through entropy.
It does that through a
system of organization
and a benevolent organization,
what I would go out on the limb
and say.
>>DAVID: If you look
at complexity theory,
when they model sand that's
actually forming a mountain--
that's one of the
simplest things--
>>GARNER: Oh yeah, that's cool.
I know.
>>DAVID: --like an hourglass,
when the system reaches
a point of peak
instability, there
is a sudden change that
leads to a new order, which
sounds like new world order,
but in fact, the laws of nature
do this benevolently.
There is an avalanche.
The sand pile goes
whoosh, but then it
structures itself into a
higher organized sand pile.
>>GARNER: It finds another way,
just like life finds a way.
>>DAVID: And that's
why they're not
going to be able to get a
global economic collapse.
They're not going to be able
to tear everything down.
The harder they try, the more
it stimulates this new change
to occur, which is going to
be benevolent and positive.
>>GARNER: Yes, also celestial
physically speaking,
we've seen the largest
planetary alignment, at least
in our known universe,
just a couple of years ago.
It was around June of 2012.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>GARNER: So we're getting
a huge amount-- or actually
a huge decrease in
energies all over,
and I think that's in
our favor, because we
as the good guys, the
humans, we the people,
whoever, however you would you
like to label us good guys--
not the Jesuits-- don't have
the collective power to harness
all that energy that would
be out there, but we do
have the power to take it away
from the people, the Jesuits.
And if they don't have those
peak power periods anymore,
then they're going to have a
lot less energy to work with.
>>DAVID: That's great.
Well, that's all the
time we have for.
It's been a real honor
to have you here.
Fascinating conversation.
>>GARNER: Thank you, David.
>>DAVID: And I want to
thank you for being here.
>>GARNER: Oh, I appreciate that.
>>DAVID: Thank you, Dean.
I love the analogy
of complexity theory
because it's not just the sand
pile that I was discussing.
There's many, many
ways in which nature
is built so that,
when any system is
at a peak of instability--
any complex system,
meaning individual agents
with simple instructions that
are interacting
with each other--
when those systems move
into peak instability,
guess what happens.
Instead of failing,
they actually
do experience a
reconstruction, and they
reorganize into a greater
level of intelligence
and sophistication.
That is why I do
not believe there's
going to be a global
economic collapse.
I do not believe
that we're going
to see martial
law, prison camps,
mass viruses that kill
a whole bunch of people.
The laws of nature
itself are built
to reorganize when
things get destabilized,
and what I didn't
say on camera, is
that single agents
within the system
can turn the whole
system around.
If you look at the sand
pile, the calculations
that have been done
in supercomputers
show that one
single grain of sand
can be the determining factor
on which way the avalanche goes.
So the analogy for
what we're doing here
is that even one
person like you,
who's just been
exposed to the truth
as I've shared it with you and
as Dean has shared it with you,
can make a difference.
You have the power.
It only takes one
person in the system
to transform the system, and
best of all, the complexity
theory research shows, with
supercomputers and fractals,
it is absolutely impossible
to predict the outcome
before it happens.
This group has tried
to control the thing.
They've tried to
determine the outcome,
but science is against them.
They cannot control the outcome.
Any agent within the system
can steer the outcome,
and if we live in a loving,
intelligent, conscious
universe, then ultimately that
is going to be the bottom line.
It's going to keep steering
us back towards love.
So there's much more
information to be had.
We are going through the
disclosure process on the show,
and disclosure is a
lot more than what
you might have thought.
There's a lot more to come up
ahead in future episodes here
on "Disclosure,"
speaking truth to power
and giving power to the truth.